scala-package/native/README.md, before:

# MXNet Scala JNI

MXNet Scala JNI is a thin wrapper layer of underlying libmxnet.so.

## javah
JNI native code requires a header file that matches the java/scala interface,
this file is usually generated with javah.

In our case, jni_helper_func.h is generated and will be used to compile native code.


## Linker options

Scala JNI (libmxnet-scala.so/libmxnet-scala.jnilib) is dynamically linked to libmxnet.so.
MXNet Scala will trying to load libmxnet.so from system LD_LIBRARY_PATH first.
If it failed, the try to resolve libmxnet.so in the same location as libmxnet-scala.so file.

### Linux
```
-Wl,-rpath=$ORIGIN -lmxnet
```
Above option will tell system to looking for libmxnet.so from the same location.


### Mac OSX
On Mac, we have to execute install_name_tool command to change library loading path:
```bash
install_name_tool -change lib/libmxnet.so @loader_path/libmxnet.so libmxnet-scala.jnilib
```

Other linker options:
* -shared : link as shared library
* -Wl,-install_name,libmxnet-scala.jnilib : avoid use build machine's absolute path
* -framework JavaVM : Stand jni options for mac
* -Wl,-exported_symbol,_Java_* : Stand jni options for mac
* -Wl,-x : Do not put non-global symbols in the output file's symbol table.


## Compiler flags

Scala JNI code technically doesn't need on any of MXNet make flags,
however c_api.h header links to many other dependencies header file,
which requires us to add DMSHADOW_USE_MKL and DMSHADOW_USE_CUDA to compile the JNI code.
These flags are not actually used by JNI and won't impact Scala's behavior.


### Linux

```
-DMSHADOW_USE_MKL=0
-DMSHADOW_USE_CUDA=0
-O3 -DNDEBUG=1 -fPIC -msse3 -mf16c
-Wall -Wsign-compare -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-unknown-pragmas -Wno-unused-local-typedefs
```

### Mac OSX

```
-DMSHADOW_USE_MKL=0
-DMSHADOW_USE_CUDA=0
-g -O0 -fPIC -msse3 -mf16c
-Wall -Wsign-compare -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-unknown-pragmas -Wno-unused-local-typedefs
```

Commit message:

Re-organize Scala maven build (#13626)
* Re-organize scala maven build

1. Automatically detect which platform to build for scala.
2. Remove platform dependend submodules
3. Fix cyclic module dependencies
4. Fix scalatype style check
5. Now mvn can be executed in submodule
6. Maven build can be executed from any directory not only in root project
7. Checkin javah header file, and use verify task to detect native API changes
8. Improve incremental build performance
9. Remove unittest and integration-test profile, use proper task instead
10. Delete generated scala file during maven clean.

* Redo maven deploy related tasks.

1. Removed maven release plugin.
2. Make maven build friendly to CI, allow cli override version.
3. Moved gpg signing to deploy stage.
4. Created a separeated deploy module.
5. Updated Makefile to new maven build change.
6. Remove unused nexus-staging-plugin
7. Added nightly and staging profile for CI.

* Support mkldnn for Scala.

scala-package/native/README.md, after:

# MXNet Scala JNI

MXNet Scala JNI is a thin wrapper layer of underlying libmxnet.so.

## javah
JNI native code requires a header file that matches the java/scala interface,
this file is usually generated with javah.

In our case, org_apache_mxnet_native_c.h is generated and will be used to compile native code.

To improve build performance, we check in generated org_apache_mxnet_native_c.h file.
And we added a check to detect mismatch with Scala code and generated header. The checker will
make sure we won't forget to update org_apache_mxnet_native_c.h file.


## Linker options

Scala JNI (libmxnet-scala.so/libmxnet-scala.jnilib) is dynamically linked to libmxnet.so.
MXNet Scala will trying to load libmxnet.so from system LD_LIBRARY_PATH first.
If it failed, the try to resolve libmxnet.so in the same location as libmxnet-scala.so file.

### Linux
```
-Wl,-rpath=$ORIGIN -lmxnet
```
Above option will tell system to looking for libmxnet.so from the same location.


### Mac OSX
On Mac, we have to execute install_name_tool command to change library loading path:
```bash
install_name_tool -change lib/libmxnet.so @loader_path/libmxnet.so libmxnet-scala.jnilib
```

Other linker options:
* -shared : link as shared library
* -Wl,-install_name,libmxnet-scala.jnilib : avoid use build machine's absolute path
* -framework JavaVM : Stand jni options for mac
* -Wl,-exported_symbol,_Java_* : Stand jni options for mac
* -Wl,-x : Do not put non-global symbols in the output file's symbol table.


## Compiler flags

Scala JNI code technically doesn't need on any of MXNet make flags,
however c_api.h header links to many other dependencies header file,
which requires us to add DMSHADOW_USE_MKL and DMSHADOW_USE_CUDA to compile the JNI code.
These flags are not actually used by JNI and won't impact Scala's behavior.


### Linux

```
-DMSHADOW_USE_MKL=0
-DMSHADOW_USE_CUDA=0
-O3 -DNDEBUG=1 -fPIC -msse3 -mf16c
-Wall -Wsign-compare -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-unknown-pragmas -Wno-unused-local-typedefs
```

### Mac OSX

```
-DMSHADOW_USE_MKL=0
-DMSHADOW_USE_CUDA=0
-g -O0 -fPIC -msse3 -mf16c
-Wall -Wsign-compare -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-unknown-pragmas -Wno-unused-local-typedefs
```
